All right, so
a product manager came in and
they're like I love what you did with the
expensive component down at the bottom.
But turns out design really wants it right
in between those two pieces, right?
They want to write in between the color
swatch and the guessing, right?
So the immediate way that we would
normally do that, which is, again,
a completely reasonable way
to do it if this thing wasn't
a problematic component, right?
In a real world I love the case
of rendering a 3JS thing.
That's a thing that you don't
want to do too often, right?
We've got to put it in the middle.
So obviously not great, immediate thing
that we would do especially it's like,
imagine you were not the developer
that push that state down previously.
You're like, it needs to be in the middle.
And let's say it wasn't
called expensive component.
Like with an obvious issue.
You might be like, well, okay, cool.
Here's, I'm gonna do,
I'll just go into my game.
And I'm gonna put it right in there.
Just like the design team asked for.
And everything's gonna be great.
And yeah, those of us who
worked on the original feature,
we know that that's literally the problem
that we just solved two sprints ago.
And here it is again, but it's gotta be
in the middle cause that's like the new,
product forms, right?
So it's like we gotta put it there.
And okay, cool.
I don't remember if it,
which one of was in between, but
like the point doesn't really matter.
Application once again, ridiculous.
And so is it just that we
tell like this comes out,
do we do that thing where
we have to figure out which
hill we want to die on when we like
push back on product requirements.
Or again, the name of the game here is
like not immediately reaching from memo
just using an understanding using React
before we pull for all these tools,
right so yes, I understand.
Also you put memo on this one.
But doing that all the time adds up and
pays its own cost.
It's like every all your performance
problems normally were caused by like
a bunch of things that
didn't really matter.
It's fine except my pull request
the Sprint's ending tomorrow.
And like the same thing happens with
1000 memos over time, trust me.
So, we wanna take this
technique where we then,
we want it to show up in between those
two parts just like design ask for.
But we wanna actually follow the rules and
react component hierarchy and
not have it rerender every time
the state happens here, right?
And so the way that we do this is kind
of like, as words aren't great for but
hopefully that the chart will
make more sense I like ratio
which you have to words.
We try to part this game component for a
place where I can put it in between those
two things, but actually spiritually keep
it up top where I wanted it before, right?
So we basically want to show it in between
the color swatch and the inputs or
any of those two components.
But as far as React is concerned
isolate it just as we did earlier.
So what we do here is we would not put it
in this component because that is just
literally undoing We're going to
refactor in every way possible, but
we'd say is like, hey, game component.
Don't worry about what happens in here.
It's not really your child,
but just leave a slot for
me the parent component to do my thing and
render a component in here, right?
Like don't you worry about it, right?
It's not part of your tree.
It's still the parents,
child like it's your SIP but
we pass it in like just give me a place
where I can render something else, okay?
Like spelt calls these slots instead
of children which probably like would
make this entire
conversation a lot easier.
But like that's what happens when one
framework is like eight years older than
eight years older but several years older.
>> Web components and view and etc.
>> Use everything as well.
Not just the only other one that I use but
you're saying that all
the rest of them right, cool.
And so we'll just part the season game for
a moment.
We'll put back in expensive component,
which is still now.
It looks a lot clearer in code,
whose child application is, right?
It's, application's.
It's not really game's.
It's happening in between two
different parts of game but
like when reactors running through and
it's running through application.
When I see second opponent, right,
that is worth, listening to say, yeah?
>> Definitely speaking is this valid
to assume that whenever the component,
no matter how many levels deep,
it's specified as a child.
I still belongs to the very outer
component which it was exactly declared.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, so
even we had 15 layers doesn't matter.
>> Yeah, I think the heuristic is like
it belongs to the file it's defined in.
>> Yeah.
>> Right, like, regardless of where
it shows up in the DOM it is in
the component tree,
literally where it's written.
More than where it shows up in the DOM.
So we'll have this in place,
and we'll save it.
Everything's great again, right?
And we can see we don't
have that slowdown again.
And so that is a way to both we
can either push state down or
if we need something where it's got it,
but it's got to be in the middle there.
We can pull the content up.
There are variations on a theme and
they both work equally as well.
And like I said, I will use memo and
I use memo all the time,
like, but, like, my responsibility.
Still show you that, you don't need those
as the first thing that you reach for.
Sometimes just understanding in Reacts
component, hierarchy will get where
you're looking for before you pull out,
the kind of bigger tools, right?
I say this is the person who uses
a power drill when I open up furniture,
that says do not use with a power tool,
right?
I get it I am that person myself but
like I have to play a role.